docs(configuration): add output.cssHeadDataCompression (#7172)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/output.mdx

You **must not** specify an absolute path here. However, feel free to include folders separated by `'/'`. This specified path combines with the [`output.path`](#outputpath) value to pinpoint the location on the disk.

## output.cssHeadDataCompression

`boolean`

> This options determines whether to compress the meta data generated in the head tag of CSS files. This option defaults to `true` in `production` and `false` in `development` [mode](/configuration/mode/) respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option determines whether to compress the metadata generated in the head tag of CSS files. This option defaults to `true` in `production` and `false` in `development` [mode](/configuration/mode/) respectively.
```
